Packet ID: AO13D-034
Year: 2015
Accession: 0001193125-15-342766
Ticker at acceptance: CQP
Official submission: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1383650/0001193125-15-342766.txt
Primary document SHA-256: 0047ed7b8cf9219bc061fa3d36c3016eb7a5a6fdf75ae95ef99cc86efe287fc0
Item 4 SHA-256: ff2276e976fe4be03fbcf1702e86e05bed3bff878201f373b75b1190236c2a10

Item 4. Purpose of Transaction. The Reporting Persons intend to review on a continuing basis the investments in the Issuer. Subject to the agreements described herein, the Reporting Persons may communicate with the board of directors of the Issuer, members of management and/or other unitholders or other relevant parties from time to time with respect to operational, strategic, financial or governance matters or otherwise work with management and the board of directors with a view to maximizing unitholder value, including with respect to exploring extraordinary corporate transactions, such as: a merger; sales or acquisitions of assets or businesses; recapitalizations; buybacks; or changes to the capitalization or dividend policy of the Issuer. Subject to the agreements described herein, the Reporting Persons may seek to sell or otherwise dispose some or all of the Issuer’s securities (which may include distributing some or all of such securities to such Reporting Person’s respective partners or beneficiaries, as applicable) from time to time, and/or may seek to acquire additional securities of the Issuer (which may include rights or securities exercisable or convertible into securities of the Issuer) from time to time, in each case, in open market or private transactions, block sales or otherwise. Subject to the agreements described herein, any transaction that any of the Reporting Persons may pursue may be made at any time and from time to time without prior notice and will depend on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the price and availability of the Issuer’s securities, subsequent developments affecting the Issuer, the Issuer’s business and the Issuer’s prospects, other investment and business opportunities available to such Reporting Persons, general industry and economic conditions, the securities markets in general, tax considerations and other factors deemed relevant by such Reporting Persons. John-Paul Munfa and Sean T. Klimezak are employees of The Blackstone Group L.P. or one of its affiliates and serve on the board of directors of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC (“Cheniere GP”), the general partner of the Issuer. In such capacity, each of them may have influence over the corporate activities of the Issuer, including activities which may relate to items describe in subparagraphs (a) through (j) of Item 4 of Schedule 13D. Blackstone Class B Unit Purchase Agreement The Blackstone Entities and the Blackstone Topco Entities are the beneficial owners of 100,000,000 Class B units held directly by Blackstone CQP Holdco LP (“CQP Holdco”), which were purchased on May 14, 2012 for $1.5 billion pursuant to a unit purchase agreement (the “Blackstone Unit Purchase Agreement”) entered into between the Issuer, Cheniere Energy, Inc. (“Cheniere Inc.”) and CQP Holdco. The Class B units are not entitled to cash distributions except in the event of the CUSIP No. 16411Q101 13D Page 33 of 44 liquidation or a merger, consolidation or other combination of the Issuer with another person or the sale of all or substantially all of the Issuer’s assets. The holders of Class B Units have the right to participate in any votes submitted to the holders of common units, on an as-converted basis, except where class votes are required. The holders of Class B units have preemptive rights for all issuances of the Issuer’s equity securities. The Class B units are subject to conversion, mandatorily or at the option of the holders of the Class B units under specified circumstances, into a number of common units based on the then-applicable conversion value of the Class B units. On a quarterly basis beginning on the initial purchase date of the Class B units, and ending on the conversion date of the Class B units, the conversion value of the Class B units increases at a compounded rate of 3.5% per quarter, subject to an additional upward adjustment for certain equity and debt financings. The holders of Class B units have a preference over the holders of the subordinated units in the event of a liquidation (or merger, combination or sale of substantially all of the Issuer’s assets). The Class B units will mandatorily convert into common units on the first business day following the record date with respect to the Issuer’s first distribution (the “Mandatory Conversion Date”) after the substantial completion date of the third train of the Issuer’s liquefaction project. The Issuer has disclosed that it currently expects the substantial completion date of the third train to occur before April 30, 2017. If the Class B units are not mandatorily converted by July 2019, the holders of the Class B units have the option to convert the Class B units into common units at that time. At the option of the holders of Class B Units, all or a portion of the Class B Units may be converted: (i) at any time subsequent to the date that is 83 months after the issuance of the notice to proceed under the existing engineering, procurement and construction (“EPC”) contract for the first two trains of the liquefaction facilities, (ii) prior to the record date for a quarter in which the Partnership has generated sufficient available cash from operating surplus to distribute $0.425 (the “IQD”) on all outstanding Common Units (on an as-converted basis), (iii) at any time following thirty (30) days prior to the mandatory conversion date or (iv) at any time following (30) days prior to a liquidation or a merger, consolidation or other combination of the Issuer with another person or the sale of all or substantially all of the Issuer’s assets. The Blackstone Unit Purchase Agreement was amended on August 9, 2012, pursuant to a letter agreement (the “Letter Agreement”) by and among the parties to the Blackstone Unit Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, the parties agreed, among other things, to waive the purchase of the Creole Trail Pipeline as a condition precedent to the initial funding under the Blackstone Unit Purchase Agreement. Investors’ and Registration Rights Agreement Concurrent with the execution of the Blackstone Unit Purchase Agreement, the parties to the Blackstone Unit Purchase Agreement entered into an Investors’ and Registration Rights Agreement (the “Investors’ Agreement”), pursuant to which, the Issuer agreed to register for resale on a shelf registration statement the Common Units held by CQP Holdco, any co-investors and any affiliates of Cheniere Inc. and received upon conversion of the Class B Units. The Investors’ Agreement also prohibits CQP Holdco and its affiliates from directly or indirectly acquiring any equity or debt interests in the Issuer without the prior consent of the Issuer. The Issuer consented to the acquisition of Common Units described herein. CUSIP No. 16411Q101 13D Page 34 of 44 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, dated as of August 9, 2012 Pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Cheniere GP, the general partner of the Issuer, until the Blackstone Entities, the Blackstone Topco Entities and their affiliates own less than (a) 20% of the outstanding common units, subordinated units and Class B units, and (b) 50,000,000 Class B units, the board of directors of Cheniere GP (the “GP Board”), shall consist of eleven members. An affiliate of Cheniere Inc. has the right to appoint four directors to the board; an affiliate of the Blackstone Entities has the right to appoint three directors to the board; and there will be four independent directors on the board. Certain actions to be taken by Issuer or its subsidiaries must be approved by an Executive Committee of the GP Board (the “Executive Committee”), including certain equity issuances, the incurrence of certain debt, entering into an EPC contract for trains 3 or 4 unless certain parameters are satisfied, approving certain change orders to EPC contracts, acquiring or disposing of material assets or pursuing certain other capital projects, issuing a notice to proceed on train 3 or 4 before consummating financing for the completion thereof and amending service agreements with Cheniere or other material agreements. The Executive Committee is comprised of three directors appointed by an affiliate of the Blackstone Entities, one independent director and one Cheniere appointed director. The foregoing descriptions of the Blackstone Unit Purchase Agreement, the Letter Agreement, the Investors’ Agreement, and the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Cheniere GP do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such agreements filed as exhibits to this Schedule 13D, and incorporated herein by reference. Except as described in this Schedule 13D, the Reporting Persons do not have any present plans or proposals that relate to or would result in any of the actions described in subparagraphs (a) through (j) of Item 4 of Schedule 13D, although, subject to the agreements described herein, the Reporting Persons, at any time and from time to time, may review, reconsider and change their position and/or change their purpose and/or develop such plans and may seek to influence management or the board of directors of the Issuer with respect to the business and affairs of the Issuer and may from time to time consider pursuing or proposing such matters with advisors, the Issuer or other persons.
