Packet ID: AO13D-011
Year: 2010
Accession: 0001193125-10-213184
Ticker at acceptance: KSP
Official submission: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1178575/0001193125-10-213184.txt
Primary document SHA-256: 1aa8f68ff785dfe10bb450aaf543ff7772206c9ee188aad17b7b528f84b3b8eb
Item 4 SHA-256: dfdff37becf81bf58765910a3eab5477bbf3c119ef44dd6ba52186042b302f46

Item 4. Purpose of Transaction The information set forth or incorporated by reference in Items 3 and 6 is hereby incorporated herein by reference. While the Reporting Persons acquired the preferred units for investment purposes, the Reporting Persons intend to continuously review their investment. The Reporting Persons may engage from time to time in certain actions, including, without limitation, increasing or decreasing (through sales in the open market, public offerings, privately negotiated transactions, or in other transactions, including derivative transactions) their investment in the Issuer, including the acquisition or disposition of the preferred or common units of the Issuer. The preferred units owned of record by KA FR LLC are convertible from time to time and at any time into common units of the Issuer on a one-for-one basis at the direction of the Reporting Persons. The Issuer may convert the preferred units owned of record by KA FR LLC at any time after September 1, 2013 if the volume-weighted average trading price of the common units is in excess of 150% of their issue price for a 20-day period and the average daily trading volume of the units during such 20-day period exceeds 50,000 common units. In addition, the Reporting Persons expect to receive distributions-in-kind of additional preferred units in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Partnership Agreement, as described in Item 6 below. The Issuer’s general partner, K-Sea General Partner L.P., is a Delaware limited partnership whose general partner is K-Sea General Partner GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“K-Sea GP LLC”). K-Sea GP LLC has ultimate responsibility for managing the business of the Issuer. The affairs of the Issuer are managed by the board of directors of K-Sea GP LLC (the “Board”). Pursuant to the Director Designation Agreement described in item 6 below, the Reporting Persons have the right to designate a number of directors to the Board. Following the occurrence of the events described in item 6 under the description of the Director Designation Agreement, the Reporting Persons may have the right to designate directors constituting a majority of the directors on the Board. Except as set forth in this Schedule 13D (including under Item 6 below), the Reporting Persons, have no current intention of changing the present members of the Board or the management of the Issuer. Messrs. Gary D. Reaves II, James C. Baker and Kevin S. McCarthy, each employees of affiliates of one or more of the Reporting Persons, are members of the Board. In exercising the right to designate directors of K-Sea GP LLC pursuant to the Director Designation Agreement described in item 6 below, and as direct and indirect owners of the Issuer, the Reporting Persons may influence the policies of the Issuer in respect of clauses (a)-(i) of this Item 4 of Schedule 13D. Except as set forth in this Schedule 13D (including Item 6 below), the Reporting Persons have no current intention of changing the policies of the Issuer in respect of clauses (a)-(i) of Item 4 of Schedule 13D. 13 Except as otherwise described in this Item 4, or as would occur upon completion of any of the matters discussed herein, none of the Reporting Persons nor, to the best knowledge of each Reporting Person, any of the Listed Persons, as of the date of this Schedule 13D, has any plans or proposals that relate to or would result in any of the actions or events specified in clauses (a) through (i) of Item 4 of Schedule 13D; provided, that the Reporting Persons may, at any time, review or reconsider their position with respect to the Issuer and reserve the right to develop such plans or proposals. Depending on various factors, including but not limited to the Issuer’s financial position and strategic direction, price levels of the common units of the Issuer, conditions in the securities markets, and general economic and industry conditions, the Reporting Persons may in the future take actions with respect to their investment in the Issuer as they deem appropriate, including changing their current intentions, with respect to any or all matters required to be disclosed in this Schedule 13D. Without limiting the foregoing, the Reporting Persons may, from time to time, acquire or cause affiliates to acquire common units of the Issuer, dispose of some or all of any common units of the Issuer held by the Reporting Persons or their affiliates (or other equity interests in the Issuer) or hold common units of the Issuer (and other equity interests) (or any combination or derivative thereof). In addition, without limitation, the Reporting Persons may engage in discussions with unitholders of the Issuer and other relevant parties or take other actions through their representatives on the Board or otherwise, concerning any extraordinary corporate transaction (including but not limited to a merger, reorganization or liquidation) or the business, operations, assets, strategy, future plans, prospects, corporate structure, board composition, management, capitalization, dividend policy, charter, bylaws, corporate documents, agreements, de-listing or de-registration of the Issuer, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the Issuer Partnership Agreement and any other agreements entered into between such Reporting Person(s) and the Issuer.
