Packet ID: AO13D-007
Year: 2017
Accession: 0000807249-17-000032
Ticker at acceptance: RLJE
Official submission: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/807249/0000807249-17-000032.txt
Primary document SHA-256: dd6bd173f64ba650bae5584a6dcb20af5e127d4c43d3c939a94beadf36bdc844
Item 4 SHA-256: fd584776469c1131efc22f680bd6a92286bb61d197984b839e6aa94546b522ef

Item 4. Purpose of Transaction Each of the Reporting Persons has purchased and holds the Securities reported by it for investment for one or more accounts over which it has shared, sole, or both investment and/or voting power, for its own account, or both. The Reporting Persons are engaged in the business of securities analysis and investment. The Reporting Persons analyze the operations, capital structure and markets of companies in which they invest, including the Issuer, on a continuous basis through analysis of documentation and discussions with knowledgeable industry and market observers and with representatives of such companies (often at the invitation of management). As a result of these analytical activities one or more of the Reporting Persons may issue analysts reports, participate in interviews or hold discussions with third parties, with management or with Directors in which the Reporting Person may suggest or take a position with respect to potential changes in the operations, management or capital structure of such companies as a means of enhancing shareholder values. Such suggestions or positions may relate to one or more of the transactions specified in clauses (a) through (j) of Item 4 of Schedule 13D including, without limitation, such matters as disposing of one or more businesses, selling the company or acquiring another company or business, changing operating or marketing strategies, adopting or not adopting, certain types of anti-takeover measures and restructuring the company's capitalization or dividend policy. Each of the Reporting Persons intends to adhere to the foregoing investment philosophy with respect to the Issuer. However, none of the Reporting Persons intends to seek control of the Issuer or participate in the management of the Issuer, and any Reporting Person that is registered as an investment company under the Company Act will participate in such a transaction only following receipt of an exemption from the SEC under Rule 17d-1 under the Company Act, if required, and in accordance with other applicable law. In pursuing this investment philosophy, each Reporting Person will continuously assess the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, general economic conditions, the securities markets in general and those for the Issuer's securities in particular, other developments and other investment opportunities, as well as the investment objectives and diversification requirements of its shareholders or clients and its fiduciary duties to such shareholders or clients. Depending on such assessments, one or more of the Reporting Persons may acquire additional Securities or may determine to sell or otherwise dispose of all or some of its holdings of Securities. Although the Reporting Persons share the same basic investment philosophy and although most portfolio decisions are made by or under the supervision of Mario Gabelli, the investment objectives and diversification requirements of various clients differ from those of other clients so that one or more Reporting Persons may be acquiring Securities while others are disposing of Securities. With respect to voting of the Securities, the Reporting Persons have adopted general voting policies relating to voting on specified issues affecting corporate governance and shareholder values. Under these policies, the Reporting Persons generally vote all securities over which they have voting power in favor of cumulative voting, financially reasonable golden parachutes, one share one vote, management cash incentives and pre-emptive rights and against greenmail, poison pills, supermajority voting, blank check preferred stock and super-dilutive stock options. Exceptions may be made when management otherwise demonstrates superior sensitivity to the needs of shareholders. In the event that the aggregate voting position of all Reporting Persons exceeds 25% of the total voting position of the Issuer, one or more of the filing persons may transfer voting and/or dispositive power over shares to independent committees of directors or the owners of such shares. Such committees vote and/or consider disposition of such shares independently of the Reporting Persons. Each of the Covered Persons who is not a Reporting Person has purchased the Securities reported herein as beneficially owned by him for investment for his own account or that of one or more members of his immediate family. Each such person may acquire additional Securities or dispose of some or all of the Securities reported herein with respect to him. Other than as described above, none of the Reporting Persons and none of the Covered Persons who is not a Reporting Person has any present plans or proposals which relate to or would result in any transaction, change or event specified in clauses (a) through (j) of Item 4 of Schedule 13D.
