Packet ID: AO13D-010
Year: 2011
Accession: 0000950123-11-022740
Ticker at acceptance: HAWKQ
Official submission: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1420192/0000950123-11-022740.txt
Primary document SHA-256: c516020411a818194a1bc3a64549498f6ecfd97467cd7e3033c0d1698813bb5a
Item 4 SHA-256: 6c638e9dcbecdf5ace63a6c73b2bde09420c23b6054a21517a2de85c2b10b2d4

Item 4. Purpose of the Transaction. On February 24, 2011, Hayman Capital Management, on behalf of HCMF, was appointed by the United States Trustee to an official committee of stockholders (the “Equity Committee”) in connection with the Issuer’s bankruptcy proceedings in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas pursuant to the Notice of Appointment of Committee of Equity Security Holders. A copy of this notice is filed as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Hayman Capital Management, on behalf of HCMF, intends to participate as a member of the Equity Committee. As described in Item 6 below, on February 22, 2011, Hayman Capital Management entered into a Confidentiality Agreement (the “Confidentiality Agreement”) with the Issuer, pursuant to which Hayman Capital Management agreed, among other things, to maintain the confidentiality of certain non-public information relating to the Issuer and its affiliates, including, among other things, information regarding the possible debtor in possession financing transaction (the “Possible DIP Loan”) between the Issuer and its affiliates and subsidiaries and Hayman Table of Contents Capital Management and its affiliates and subsidiaries. A summary of the Confidentiality Agreement is set forth in Item 6 below and incorporated by reference herein The Reporting Persons have not entered into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with the other members of the Equity Committee or any other stockholder of the Issuer. The Reporting Persons expressly disaffirm membership of a group with other members of the Equity Committee or any other stockholder of the Issuer for the purposes of Section 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although Hayman Capital Management is a member of the Equity Committee, the Reporting Persons are entitled to and will make independent decisions with regard to their holdings. The Reporting Persons review their holdings in the Issuer on a continuing basis and as part of this ongoing review, evaluate various alternatives that are or may become available with respect to the Issuer and its securities. The Reporting Persons may from time to time and at any time, in their sole discretion, acquire or cause to be acquired, additional equity or debt securities or other instruments of the Issuer, its subsidiaries or affiliates, or dispose or cause to be disposed, such equity or debt securities or other instruments, in any amount that the Reporting Persons may determine in their sole discretion, through open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Depending upon a variety of factors, the Reporting Persons may from time to time and at any time, in their sole discretion, consider, formulate, discuss and implement various plans or proposals, including plans or proposals by any other stockholder of the Issuer, who may or may not be members of the Equity Committee, or other persons, intended to enhance the value of their current or future investment in the Issuer, enhance stockholder value or enhance the value of the Issuer’s assets, or that may involve other extraordinary matters relating to the Issuer, including, among other things, proposing or pursuing potential strategic alternatives to the Issuer’s proposed sale transaction with Hercules Offshore, Inc. or otherwise seeking to influence or change the Issuer’s bankruptcy proceedings or proposing or effecting any other transaction or matter that would constitute or result in any of the transactions, matters or effects enumerated in Item 4(a)-(j) of Schedule 13D. From time to time, HCMF may enter into derivative securities transactions or other hedging arrangements with respect to securities held for its account. HCMF may also, from time to time, hold the Common Stock in margin accounts or lend portfolio securities to brokers, banks or other financial institutions. These loans typically obligate the borrower to return the securities, or an equal amount of securities of the same class, to the lender and typically provide that the borrower is entitled to exercise voting rights and retain dividends during the term of the loan. From time to time, to the extent permitted by applicable law, HCMF may borrow securities, including the Common Stock, for the purpose of effecting, and may effect, short sale transactions, and may purchase securities for the purpose of closing out short sale positions in such securities. The information set forth in this Item 4 is subject to change from time to time and at any time, and there can be no assurances that the discussions described in this Item 4 will continue or occur or that any of the Reporting Persons will or will not take, or cause to be taken, any of the actions described above or any similar actions.
